Add documentation for Link content type (#667)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: reference/content-types/link.rst

Link
======

Description
-----------

> The link content type is a universal link provider. It allows to either create urls directly from selected
> entities or to insert directly an external url. The configuration allows to enable ``anchor`` and ``target`` fields as
> well as the available entity types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link content type allows to select different type of links, including links to internal entities like pages and external URLs. 
The content type can be limited to allow only specific link types and configured to show an ``anchor`` and a ``target`` field.
```

> The types can also be extended by adding new types to the ``linkTypeRegistry``.

Reviewer: would link to the cookbook here 🙂 
https://docs.sulu.io/en/2.3/cookbook/link-provider.html

Parameters
----------

.. list-table::
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Parameter
      - Type
      - Description
    * - enable_target
      - bool
      - Enables the ``target`` input field in the overlay. Default: ``false``
    * - enable_anchor
      - bool
      - Enables the ``anchor`` input field in the overlay. Default: ``false``
    * - types
      - collection
      - List of available types in the dropdown.

>         Defaults are: ``page``, ``media``, ``external``.

Reviewer: this includes articles too if the article bundle is installed, right?

```suggestion
        Default: All registered link types
```

Example
-------

.. code-block:: xml

    <property name="link" type="link">
        <meta>
            <title lang="en">Link</title>
            <title lang="de">Link</title>
        </meta>
        <params>
            <param name="enable_target" value="true"/>
            <param name="enable_anchor" value="true"/>
            <param name="types" type="collection">
                <param name="page"/>
                <param name="external"/>
                <param name="media"/>
            </param>
        </params>
    </property>

Twig
----

.. code-block:: twig

    <a href="{{ content.link }}" target="{{ view.link.target }}">Click me</a>

> Register a new type in javascript

Reviewer: think i would not add this here because you need to implement a php service too, right?

Reviewer: just saw that there is existing documentation about the php part. would you mind to adjust that documentation (its not ckeditor specific anymore)? 😇 
https://docs.sulu.io/en/2.3/cookbook/link-provider.html
